DOCSUP-5911: Docs for limit and offset settings (#23519)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/select/limit.md

If there is no [ORDER BY](../../../sql-reference/statements/select/order-by.md) clause that explicitly sorts results, the choice of rows for the result may be arbitrary and non-deterministic.

> For adjusting existing `LIMIT` can used [limit](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#limit) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that the number of rows in the result set can also depend on the [limit](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#limit) setting.
```
